[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[people clamoring]
[Cha-young]
Are you seeing what I'm seeing?
[rock music]
[all screaming]
Something about this looks familiar,
doesn't it?
[clamoring]
[gasps]
-What are you doing?
-Come on!
[all shouting]
I was just passing by, and they started
punching me. Look! Look, look!
[detective 1] Whoa! Hey.
Get down from there.
See how they tore my dress to shreds?
It was that guy. That one!
-He did it.
-Are you serious?
This dress was brand-new.
I'm not a violent man, you know?
But if I was,
there'd be some broken bones in there now.
-[clamoring]
-You're so dead.
What if I beat them thugs. Let's go.
Officer, have you ever seen
a monk lose his temper?
[Su-nam] And this guy's just as bad.
I was just minding my own business,
and he flew in and kicked me,
flipped me right over,
and beat me with a flag.
He put it down.
There it is! That's his weapon.
Mr. Lee, you know me.
Just look at my outfit.
Would I have dressed all in white
if I intended to attack them.
-[Mr. Park] Come on!
-Hey, hold on.
-[Yeon-jin] You want one of this.
-[detective] Settle down!
And you're gonna believe those guys!
[overlapping arguments]
[drum beating]
What do you want?
[detective sighs]
I'm their lawyer, officer.
Me, too.
Why would they need to hire two lawyers?
Well… we needed two lawyers
because we're super prepared.
Mamma mia!
-These men assaulted him first.
-Yeah, right here.
They came to his defense,
but then, they were beat up, too.
Liar! They were the ones
who beat us up first!
Kim Yeong-ho.
-Kim Yeong-ho--
-Coming!
-[pants]
-Hey, what are you doing?
Why don't you show them
what you recorded, okay?
Sure. As long as
I get my phone back, right?
-Go on.
-Here you go.
-[Mr. Tak] What?
-[Hui-su] What did you do?
-[Mr. Tak] What's that?
-[Mr. Lee] Show us.
[all exclaim]
Do you see that? That's me!
See right now? I knew it! See?
-[Mr. Tak] I don't believe it.
-They started it.
-[Mr. Tak] He filmed it all.
-How did they…
[people clamoring]
[overlapping dialogue]
[shouts]
I got it. Settle down.
[Hui-su] Oh, we got them!
Looks like you got us what we wanted.
[whispers]
You're so Mafia!
-Hey, careful.
-Ma…
-Careful.
-Macaron.
-Stop.
-Macaron! Macaron!
[laughs]
-[Hui-su] This is amazing!
-[overlapping chatter]
[Larry] We'd like more kimchi.
-[Yeon-jin] More kimchi, please.
-[Mr. Lee] Over here.
-Yeah.
-So good.
[Toto] Hold everything. Stop.
-Hear me out, okay?
-[Larry] Cold, please.
[Toto] Everyone did very well.
-Especially Gi-seok.
-[Yeon-jin] Damn straight!
He looks like a wimp,
but he was so brave and made me proud.
Working under me has toughened you up.
[laughs]
You did well, apprentice.
I've never told anyone this.
I'm more than meets the eye.
[all chatter indistinctly]
I think we should've resorted
to violence sooner.
It was a piece of cake to take them down.
All gangsters are cowards.
You never see one alone
because they're scared.
-Cowards all of them. No match for us.
-Yeah.
Larry, you really gave them
hell out there.
-Yeah, nice.
-Respect.
I didn't wanna bring this up
to you all before,
but dancing and martial arts
go hand in hand.
I grew up in a tough neighborhood,
so fighting three or four is not too bad.
-Seriously?
-[Toto laughs]
I, too, have studied
some of the martial arts
if I need to bring them to bear.
[all exclaim]
-Incredible.
-Very nice.
-[Hui-su] I see.
-[laughter]
Well, if we're supposed to talk
about ourselves, I've got a lot to say.
-When I was younger…
-[Mr. Lee] Yes?
Yes?
And that's enough of that.
[all laugh]
-Come on.
-[laughter]
-Hey, you little brat.
-[groans]
Why weren't you at school, huh?
[groans]
'Cause Mr. Cassano wanted me to film it.
-[Hui-su] Hmm?
-[groans]
-Mr. Cassano, sir.
-Yes?
Thank you for being an inspiration.
We realized you stood up to them,
and so we can, too.
-[laughs]
-[Vincenzo] But I, I don't understand.
He's right. You helped us see that
Park Seok-do, that piece of dog shit,
is no match for us, is he? Ha!
[laughs]
You've inspired me to bring my cooking
to a new level.
[Mr. Tak] True. True.
-How about a round of applause?
-Yes!
[all clapping, cheering]
-Everyone, come on!
-Come on!
[all cheering]
Vincenzo! Vincenzo! Vincenzo!
-Vincenzo!
-[laughing]
Let's calm down for a sec.
I know Park Seok-do is a snake,
but you can't just attack him.
-Don't you worry.
-Oh, we don't just attack people,
we're better than him, aren't we?
-[all laughing]
-[Yeon-jin] Damn right.
If the two of you ever need anything,
all you have to do is ask.
For you both, I'll always have your back.
And besides, if you ever need a clean-up,
I'm your guy.
-[laughter]
-[Toto] Yeah. Count us in, too!
It's going viral, 200,000 views.
-[Hui-su] What?
-[Mr. Tak] 200,000?
-[all exclaim]
-[Yeon-jin] That's amazing. Wow.
[screaming from video]
What on earth am I doing with my face?
I look huge.
Is it Photoshopped or something?
-Come on, everybody. It looks great.
-It's like a movie.
-Wait, wait.
-Oh!
-[Hui-su] I wanna see it again.
-[Mr. Tak] Look how good I look.
I don't think
I should have anymore to drink.
-[Hui-su] One more.
-[Mr. An] I finally realized
why all these people have decided
to stand up for themselves and their home.
They had been inspired by a man who was
a paragon of strength and charisma.
Vincenzo isn't the Godfather…
He's Che Guevara.
-[Mr. Tak] Another beer and soju.
-[Mr. Lee] Mm-hm.
Thank you for meeting with us.
We appreciate it.
Well, since we're here…
let's try to be civil.
Babel's Chairman will meet with you
as soon as possible.
Mm-hm.
Right. That reminds me,
there's still the matter
we discussed last time.
Chief Kim's problem, that is.
[Mr. Seo] You'll take care of that,
won't you?
[laughs]
I'm sure she…
You don't wanna help us, hmm?
[Mr. Hwang]
We've been very generous so far.
This is the least you can do for us.
[suspenseful music]
Of course, you know best.
And that won't be a problem, sir.
No problem at all.
[laughs]
I believe she's already working
on Chief Kim's situation.
Isn't that right?
What am I gonna ask you first. Let's see.
EPISODE 8
-Why did you join the Mafia?
-[Vincenzo scoffs]
How do you become a lawyer for the Mafia?
How much would you make in a year,
on average, working for the Mafia?
I have so many questions.
Don't waste your breath.
Yeah, but how can I not ask you
all about it?
I've already prepared 80 questions.
[both laugh]
All right. Go ahead.
I'll answer two of them then.
[Cha-young] Okay.
First, how do you end up
in that line of work?
It's not like it's in the Classifieds.
[Vincenzo]
No different from any other job, really.
It's just who you know.
Hmm.
So, do they really have people killed
the way they do in the movies?
I'm curious.
Play the game, pay the price.
That's just life in the Mob.
Whoa.
So they really are no joke, then.
-And what about the money?
-Enough!
You got your two questions.
So then, I get 78 next time.
You better get ready.
[both chuckle]
You're home.
[wistful music]
Thank you, Mr. Cassano,
for saving me from jail.
[chuckles]
You can repay me.
Be sure to always pay back the Mafia.
Okay. We'll work something out.
[chuckles]
Good night.
[wistful music continues]
MERCHANTS IN CRISIS
FIGHTS OFF HIRED THUGS
[Mr. Tak]
Good will always triumph over evil.
1.2 MILLION VIEWS IN A DAY
WHO ARE THESE PEOPLE?
The 13 of us,
we will fight to our last breath.
And if you dare to come back here,
I'll be pressing more than your suits.
[sprays]
No other profession caters
to those in need more than a chef.
I only wish to be known
as the light and salt of the world.
Excuse me, but could you move back a bit?
You're way too close.
You have to frame this face.
Right, better.
Let's take it again from the top.
And finally,
let's meet the Buddhist monks.
[rock music]
As monks,
we carry the spirit of the Buddha.
It's our duty to fight.
To fight the demon of greed,
and those in its grip.
WE WILL FIGHT AGAINST THE DEMONS
WHO ARE BLINDED BY GREED
[lock clicks]
[laughs]
[clapping]
We've got Namdongbu prosecution.
You've done a great job.
Oh, not at all, sir.
We did what we had to do.
Well, not you. Vincenzo.
It was him, wasn't it?
I…
[clears throat]
[laughs]
Actually, we…
we got a bit of help from him--
Do you even know how he convinced him?
Vincenzo arranged for the chief's son
to get scouted by Italy's BC Milano.
The kid's a shit soccer player.
It's clear
how you former prosecutors operate.
Another failure.
Why don't you just quit, huh?
Sir, a word, please.
What?
Do you know why I must keep on going
after you smashed a car,
threatened and insulted me?
[nervous chuckle]
Come on, Ms. Choi.
-Don't touch me!
-[gasps]
I will not give up like this.
If this beats me,
I swear I'll die of shame.
I would rather hang myself
in the mountains than quit.
Just like you, sir,
I have never failed at anything twice.
Never!
I will make him pay for this.
Then, and only then, will I quit.
You say it's obvious how I operate?
Yeah. I will do whatever it takes to win.
That, sir, is how I operate.
[ominous music]
Yes! Yeah!
[laughs]
[guffaws]
[nervous laugh]
There she is, finally!
[Joon-woo guffaws]
[laughs forcefully, clapping]
[foreboding music]
I don't need a lawyer.
What I really need is the devil.
Sir, I can be devilish.
[low growling]
[exhales]
Use this devil spirit
to keep the prosecution on a tight leash.
[clears throat]
You've put your faith in me, sir,
and I will do my very best.
[sighs]
Now, Babel lost out on funding
and was humiliated
because of Geumga Plaza, am I right?
That's right, sir.
I saw the story on TV this morning.
Go and secure our funding again.
Get it done.
Devil spirit.
[Joon-woo clears throat]
I reviewed your demands for the victims.
Quick question.
Is this a lottery?
[both chuckle]
A "lottery"?
And here I thought we were more than fair.
The CEO of Babel himself
publicly apologized for that incident.
You're asking for a lot.
Then, we'll just have to file
a criminal suit.
We were willing to end this peacefully
with compensations.
I highly doubt that
our CEO will agree to this.
Go ahead, file your suit.
No, wait.
Are you sure that
the Chairman won't agree to this?
Maybe he will.
You think so?
You should probably listen to him.
Hmm.
[Cha-young]
You grow new braincells every day.
[Ms. Choi clears throat]
In that case,
I will… discuss it with Babel.
[Ms. Choi] Be honest with me here.
Do you have more plans
to discredit the company?
[Vincenzo] There's no need to.
Why in the world
would we bother torpedoing…
a ship that's already sinking.
[Cha-young] Why would we indeed?
You and Mr. Han can both stand proudly
on the deck of the ship,
and play a duet on your violins.
I should've let you rot in that cell
a bit longer.
[action music]
Let's just see if maybe…
this sinking ship
has torpedoes of its own.
You know, there's this saying I love.
You were the one who introduced me to it.
-Oh, that one?
-Mm-hm.
[both] You really need
to get your shit together.
[suspenseful music]
[swooshing, screeching]
[Mr. Jang] So what you're saying is,
the banks are all refusing
to work with us?
Right, sir. Given our current situation,
I'm afraid I wasn't able to convince them.
-[loud bang]
-[directors quivering]
Senior Managing Director,
Junior Managing Director,
and Director.
You've been directors
since my father's time.
But you all still act like rookies.
What is it that you do?
Sir, I'm sorry.
But this, uh, uh, problem
has nothing to do with us.
Uh, uh, what with the multiple lawsuits,
not to mention the incident
with Babel Tower a few days ago,
we're fighting an uphill battle.
-[loud thud]
-[grunts]
[groans]
[directors whimpering]
-[thuds]
-[groans]
[directors groaning]
[Mr. Jang] You're all fired.
Effective immediately.
[sighs]
Shit.
Oh, sir,
the item that you ordered arrived.
It's on the seat there.
[ominous music]
[gun clicks]
[cocks]
[clicks]
[nervous chuckle]
[laughing]
Oh.
By the way, those assholes
who screwed up at the tower,
did you take care of them?
[suspenseful music]
[Su-nam exhales]
I'm so cold.
[coughs]
[all shivering]
[stutters]
Stop saying that. Stop saying that.
Just shut the fuck up.
[groans]
I think my organs are frozen.
[shivering]
Is this… Am I dying?
[pants]
I thought I was just doing my job.
I'm just an accountant.
I shouldn't be here.
I told you not to come to the office.
Why did you have to come today?
Because of the surtaxes.
Shut the hell up about surtaxes.
Come on, everyone. Come closer. Come here.
-Come on. Come on.
-[Su-nam groaning]
-The surtaxes…
-I wanna live.
…are due by end of day.
[shivering, groaning]
[Mr. Park breathing heavily]
Hey! Hey, are they dead?
-[Su-nam] What?
-Wake up, assholes!
-[Mr. Park] Dong-sik! Dong-sik, wake up!
-[gasps]
[crying]
Dong-sik.
-Get closer to me.
-I think he's dead.
-Wait. He opened his eyes. He did.
-He's dead.
-I saw.
-No, he's dead.
-[Mr. Park] He isn't.
-[Su-nam] I think he's dead.
[muttering indistinctly]
SHINKWANG BANK MAIN BRANCH
[phone buzzing]
PROSECUTOR CHOI MYUNG-HEE
[sighs deeply]
-[buzzing continues]
-[clicks tongue]
Prosecutor Choi.
Not anymore.
I work for Wusang now.
I thought you'd heard.
[scoffs]
I guess, I forgot.
[exhales]
Congratulations on the job.
[laughs]
Actually, I need a favor.
Let's meet up, okay?
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
Okay, when?
[ominous music]
CRITICAL CARE UNIT
-We're her lawyers.
-[officer] Go ahead.
[tense music]
[tense music rises]
[doctor] All that we can do now
is keep her comfortable.
How much time does she have left?
Well, at this point,
it's largely up to her.
Perhaps a few days.
If she has any family, you should
contact them as soon as possible.
[Cha-young]
We should request a stay of execution.
I'm sure they'll grant it
if we submit her medical report.
Mr. Nam is trying to find her family,
but he hasn't found anyone yet.
[Ms. Oh sighs]
[exhales]
Glad to see you awake, Ms. Oh.
I'm Hong Yu-chan's daughter.
My name is Hong Cha-young.
I'm an attorney.
[muffled]
Hello.
[chuckles]
[Cha-young] Hello.
[sighs]
I thought
I'd never see you again.
If the pain was worse,
why didn't you say anything?
Because it was…
still bearable.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
We're preparing to request
a stay of execution.
Once it's granted,
they can begin the treatment right away.
I can't…
afford the treatment.
Don't worry, it's on me.
I don't want to be indebted to anyone.
Ms. Oh, listen!
I said I would handle it!
[dramatic music]
[Min-seong] Are you serious?
You want me to invest in Babel?
Right.
[scoffs]
You really think that you're one to judge.
Ever since your father was the president,
your bank's reputation
has been slipping, hmm?
Hmm… I wonder how many cases I've buried.
Way too many.
I'm not asking you to actually invest.
Just pretend.
Babel will submit a fake application,
and then you give us a fake loan.
Nothing's easier.
Other banks will follow suit
if you pledge your support for us first.
-Our bank has a--
-Reputation? I know.
Look, I'm sure
you don't want the risk, do you?
You have the bank's image to watch for.
But tell me…
isn't your personal reputation
more important than the bank's here?
You know…
I still have your file.
What if I took it out
and made all your little secrets public?
[tense music]
[Mr. Jang] Jang Han-seo.
[Min-seong] Hello, sir.
I'm sure
this partnership will benefit both of you.
-Please, have a seat.
-Sure.
How about a drink?
[ominous music]
[Mr. Nam] Ms. Hong.
They granted the stay of execution
for Ms. Oh Gyeong-ja.
Oh, that's a relief. It didn't take long.
Let's move her to a new room.
Are you gonna join us?
You handle it. Got to go somewhere.
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
Why are you so secretive?
So there might be another way
-without demolishing the building?
-[Mr. Cho] Yeah.
Iris recognition.
But Wang Shaolin is dead.
It's impossible to get his eye.
[sighs]
I understand that
the man owned a museum in Hangzhou.
And one of the rooms there
uses iris recognition.
So then, he must be registered
in the system?
Yes, if no one has deleted it
it'll still be there.
How do we access the system?
I found a group of hackers in Shanghai.
I'm going to organize to take them all
to Hangzhou myself.
I hope this works.
[Mr. Cho] It will.
GEUMGA PLAZA
What's all this?
[gasps]
Uh, this stuff…
They're… You see, uh…
Well, well… they're all for me.
For my hobbies.
-Of?
-Collection.
Huh…
-I'm a collector. Yeah.
-You collect these things?
Don't you feel bigger and stronger
just looking at them?
[both laughing forcefully]
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, if you're ever thinking
about self-defense,
you just let me know, hmm?
I'll teach you a few moves.
-Okay.
-[laughs]
[both laugh forcefully]
-Toto's waiting for you, yeah?
-Uh-huh.
[Mr. Lee laughing]
Go on.
Huh?
What is he doing here?
Huh? Who's that?
Well, before Babel took over,
he owned the Plaza.
[suspenseful music]
[Mr. An] That man, he looks familiar.
Haven't I seen him before?
[Min-seong] I just got here.
Come on, Mom. Stop reminding me. I get it.
Yeah, I'll tell her. I will. Bye.
[phone clicks]
[grunts]
I'm too busy for this.
-[door opens]
-[heart monitor beeping]
[door closes]
[Min-seong] Ma'am.
It's been a long time.
So you got your stay of execution.
What are you doing here?
We were once like family.
I know I should visit.
Did she want you…
to check in on me to see
when I would finally die?
[ominous music]
That should be enough for you
and to pay for the funeral.
-Don't think about a retrial.
-[scoffs]
You would be wasting your breath.
[Cha-young] What's going on here?
Who are you?
The son of Chairman Hwang Deok-bae.
The son of the dead man
who tried to rape me.
You need to watch what you say.
So that makes you Hwang Min-seong,
the President of Shinkwang, right?
So then, who are you?
I'm Ms. Oh's legal representative.
Ah!
I believe that must make you the daughter
of that dead fraud of a lawyer, right?
[scoffs]
I'm warning you.
I wouldn't give her any ideas.
Don't wanna be a problem, do you?
I think the problem is right here.
What?
[gasping]
Are you okay?
[in breathy voice]
He needs to hear…
something important.
[sighs]
Closer.
[quivering]
[labored breathing]
Closer.
-You scumbag!
-[groans]
[gasps, exclaims]
-[Ms. Oh] You son of a bitch.
-[heart monitor flatlines]
Damn you!
You made me rot in prison.
-Don't! Don't!
-How dare you come here…
on my deathbed!
-You spineless piece of shit.
-Let go!
Let go!
-Ms. Oh, stop. Stop it!
-[Min-seong groans]
[Min-seong] Let go of me!
-[Ms. Oh groans]
-[Min-seong grunts]
[laughs mockingly]
[screams]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
I'll forget this happened.
But if I ever see you again…
I'm gonna kill you all!
Shinkwang Bank has made a surprising
decision to invest in Babel Group.
Given Babel's recent negative press,
this could mark a turning point
for the company.
[TV reporter] Shinkwang Bank is known
to have high standards
when it comes to their investments.
This decision to publicly
put faith in Babel
has caught the attention
of the financial world.
[scoffs]
This is just ridiculous.
I can't believe it.
I thought we ended this.
Shinkwang Bank.
[groans]
You know, they turned us down
for a loan three times.
Must be some arrangement
between the two of them then.
Well, of course.
Babel's up to their neck in lawsuits.
They're in trouble now.
Shit! Now I really wish that
I pulled out more of his hair.
What do you mean?
Hwang Min-seong, he…
he spoke to Ms. Oh at the hospital.
-What?
-Oh.
His father was Hwang Deok-bae,
the CEO of Shinkwang Bank.
Ms. Oh is framed
for the Chairman's murder.
Oh, yeah.
What did he say?
He knew her stay of execution was granted,
so he threw an envelope with money at her.
He said not to waste her breath
on a retrial.
-[Mr. Nam scoffs]
-[Vincenzo sighs]
Sounds like he's no different
from his father.
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Damn! They're a bunch of scummy idiots.
We'll do what it takes
to stop this investment from happening.
Both of them are our enemies now.
We need to take down Shinkwang Bank.
We need to do it for Ms. Oh.
Getting this out was almost impossible.
They check bags now, you know.
You're gonna put in a good word for me
with the Boston lawyer, aren't you?
Of course.
If this pans out,
I'll get you transferred right away.
Please help me.
Ever since that dinner,
Ms. Choi keeps making me do impressions.
She won't leave me alone.
She calls me up drunk
and forces me to do voices.
That's just ridiculous.
Who does she think you are, a comedian?
-Quick question.
-Yeah?
Can you do Lee Sun-kyun
from Parasite for me?
I've really missed it.
[imitates Lee Sun-kyun's voice]
"This is not to test you.
So drive as you normally would.
Or I can get some ribs."
-Whoa!
-"I would kill for some ribs.
Well, at the very least,
she could make absolutely delicious ribs."
-You sound exactly like him.
-[laughs]
-"Juicy, juicy ribeye for me."
-Mr. Lee! Whoa!
PERSONAL INFORMATION
HWANG MIN-SEONG
That's all the stuff I could dig up
on Hwang Min-seong.
He's been sued four times,
and each one for domestic assault.
He's abusive?
Hm. Hmm…
Oh, wow.
There's so many of them.
All of his victims,
their stories weren't taken seriously
because they're men.
But regardless of gender,
the victims have the right
to some real justice and closure.
What's his MO?
He approaches members
he's attracted to at his club,
flirts a bit, and then asks them out.
[Cha-young] And, if they say no to him,
he beats them.
[Mr. Nam] It says here
one of his victims went blind.
[Cha-young] None of them could go public
with the assaults.
Given all the power that he has.
And he was never indicted. Wusang, I bet.
Yup. And, of course,
the prosecutor in charge,
was our best friend, Choi Myung-hee.
Oh… So…
Ms. Choi used this against him then.
Babel gets saved by Shinkwang.
But still…
this isn't enough.
We need more to stop them.
Yup, you're right.
Although, I believe we might have a secret
weapon to push him over to our side.
What would that be?
I was thinking an homme fatale.
A man he can fall for
who will then take him down.
Mm.
[deep inhale]
-I've already done my research.
-Okay.
President Hwang has a type.
They always have a nice round face
with eyes that sparkle, too.
[romantic music]
[Cha-young] They're handsome
and charismatic with a natural…
sophistication.
[romantic music continues]
-Last, but not least…
-[spits]
[Vincenzo] Stop.
Don't you say anymore.
A calm, composed demeanor.
A soothing presence.
Wait, what?
You're saying…
[Vincenzo] I won't do it!
There's no way.
-Come on. It's a good idea.
-Come on. Would you stop?
Just think about it.
Let go of me. This is ridiculous.
I'm leaving.
Oh, wait. Come on, stop!
Let me out now. I mean it.
No! I can't do it. This isn't right.
Hey, just pretend
that scumbag isn't disgusting.
Do it in the name of justice.
I don't care about justice, okay?
You find another actor.
I can't,
because you're better than any actor.
Just be your perfect self. Right, Mr. Nam?
So I've actually never told you this,
but speaking as a man,
you are very attractive to me.
That's enough!
-[clears throat]
-This will work a hundred percent.
Now, let's stop this deal
and get Ms. Oh her revenge.
No! It's insane.
I can't do this. I can't.
There's no way I…
I will be there with you
every step of the way, okay?
I'll stay undercover
and tell you what to do.
Hey, you're a star.
[classical music]
I… I… I can't!
[Vincenzo]
No, no. No, no. No!
[whimpering]
No, don't!
No, and you can't make me, okay?
SHINKWANG BANK
[Cha-young]
He had a privileged upbringing,
studied abroad, great education,
not great with people.
According to Ms. Oh,
he never trusts anyone
and spends most of his time alone.
He's also a hardcore mama's boy
and only listens to her.
She's the current chairwoman
of Shinkwang Finance.
[groans]
[Cha-young]
Right. He loves horseback riding.
He takes his horse out every week.
[sighs]
Nearsen.
-Promise you'll behave today, hmm?
-[nickers]
[Min-seong] Please?
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] Must be a wild one.
["Adrenaline" by Aalia]
["Adrenaline" by Aalia fades out]
[rake scraping]
[horse snorts]
-What's his name?
-Hwang Min-seong.
[laughs]
It's Nearsen.
Hmm. Nearsen.
Just like Nearco, huh?
Related to Northern Dancer?
A thoroughbred.
-[Vincenzo] They can be tough.
-[rake scraping]
Trust isn't in their nature.
And so, in my experience,
you need to be patient.
[laughs]
You sure know your stuff well.
["Adrenaline" by Solar]
♪ Adrenaline rushing through my vein
I forgot all the pain ♪
♪ I drink lit drip for life
To lose my sight ♪
[chuckles]
Some straw.
[laughs]
-Do you think I can go for a ride?
-Yeah.
Be as rough as you want.
[chuckles]
♪ I don't know what I should want
I don't know where to go ♪
♪ Fire rising up to higher ♪
♪ I'm burning up it's dire ♪
♪ I don't wanna burn you so leave ♪
♪ I don't wanna keep you to be a liar ♪
♪ Don't wanna hurt you ♪
♪ You should leave me
I'm no good for you ♪
♪ So leave ♪
♪ Me now ♪
♪ Please leave me now ♪
[gasps in slow motion]
♪ I can't keep you sane ♪
♪ Another world ♪
♪ If there's a chance ♪
♪ I'll take ♪
[both gasp]
-What was that?
-[sighs]
What's wrong?
A piece of straw was on you.
I was just trying to get it.
[chuckles]
He wants to get a drink.
I don't think I can.
It just… The idea of being
with that guy makes me sick.
You feel sick
because it's freezing in here.
[groans]
Hey, listen. Go out for the drink.
It'll be easier to win his love that way.
I don't wanna win his love!
[horses neighing]
Forget all these shit about
getting close to him. I can't do it!
You are the Mafia's consigliere.
You're strong and cool-headed.
And you never give up, no matter the odds.
That's part of what makes you
so charming, Mr. Cassano.
Forget it.
[sighs]
-[groans]
-[Cha-young imitates cat growling]
I can do it.
[exhales]
You can do it, Vincenzo Cassano.
You've got the looks and the power!
[Cha-young gasps]
[romantic music]
Horses can startle easily from behind.
And when they get spooked,
they can kick. Watch out.
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] Cheers.
[horse nickers]
[door opens, closes]
[breathes heavily]
[chomping]
[jazz music playing]
Cheers.
[inaudible dialogue]
[exhales]
[sighs]
Ah.
Thank you.
[Cha-young] There are several things
he looks for in a man.
Well…
[Cha-young] One of them is a simple name.
TAE HO
ATTORNEY
"Tae Ho"?
[ominous music]
[chuckles]
Beautiful name, and a lawyer, too.
Yes, I'm running a small law firm now.
"Only…
You."
[smooches]
[laughs]
[sucks teeth]
Have you ever met someone…
for the first time and…
and you feel like
you've met your soulmate?
Ah…
[chuckles]
[inaudible dialogue]
[mouthing]
Yeah. Actually…
[exhales]
I think I know what you mean.
You seem older than me…
babe.
Does that feel okay, "babe"?
No.
If you're going to call me anything
it should be… my name.
[Min-seong] Your name?
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
Okay.
Tae Ho.
I have a request.
No business talk.
I want for us to be good friends…
Min-seong.
Let's not talk about work.
[slurps]
[knocks on table]
It's like you're reading
my mind right now.
I feel the same way.
[both laughing]
-Want some?
-Sure.
[upbeat music]
-[Min-seong] Allow me.
-[laughs]
[jazz music playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
[pouring drink]
[Vincenzo] You know what?
I envy you.
How could you become the president
of something as big as Shinkwang Bank
when you're such a young guy?
[sighs]
-Tae Ho.
-Mm?
Would you like to know how?
[Vincenzo] Yes.
[sighs]
When my father was in charge of Shinkwang,
he was against me becoming
the president, you know.
He had a very bad habit
of coming on to other women.
It didn't matter if they were assistants,
bank employees, housekeepers.
Oh, he would be all over them.
[groans]
It was gross.
Then one day,
when he was on top
of one of the cleaners, she…
She said no.
They fought, and then a struggle…
[Min-seong chuckles]
Bam! She pushed him down hard.
But my mother was watching.
It happened right in front of her.
Saw it all through the crack in the door.
[dramatic music]
She was watching, was she?
[Min-seong] Yeah.
And she watched
when my dad couldn't get back up.
[Min-seong] And the best part…
she didn't even bother calling 911.
She just let him die there.
Hmm.
But if she had called…
would he have survived?
Hmm.
[inhales]
When I spoke to the doctor,
he believed my father would have lived
if help had arrived
even ten minutes sooner.
Why'd she do it?
Let him die.
My mom always wanted to be
the chair of Shinkwang.
[chuckles]
She made her wish come true.
[scoffs]
And what about the housekeeper?
Jail. She took the blame for his murder.
It had to be like that.
[dramatic music rises]
[Min-seong] Tae Ho.
Hmm?
No one can know the truth about my family.
We have to protect our reputation,
you get that?
[Mr. Nam breathes heavily]
Yes, of course.
Your family's reputation.
Min-seong.
Are you free this weekend?
Spend it with me.
This weekend?
[chuckles]
[dramatic music intensifies]
I am so free.
[Min-seong laughs]
NANYAK TEMPLE
[quirky music]
[Yeon-jin whispers]
Come on. This way.
[sneezes]
[Mr. Lee shushes]
[suspenseful music]
[door creaking]
[Yeon-jin]
I don't think there's gold here.
But if there is,
it would be somewhere weird, right?
Right.
-Here, knock on the wall.
-Knock?
[grunts]
[sighs]
I got mold on me.
Ah, it must be right here.
Behind the wall, or…
behind that door.
Let's go.
Honey…
-Yeah?
-What if there's bats in there, huh?
Hey, it's fine. Just go.
Honey, hey, turn it off.
-Turn it off! Turn it off.
-Oh, shoot.
-[panting]
-[Mr. Lee] Then hide.
[tense music]
-You have to lock the door.
-I got it.
[muttering indistinctly]
-Whoa!
-[all scream]
You scared me. What are you doing?
-What a surprise.
-Oh, my goodness.
Hello. Wow.
Fancy seeing you here, Mr. Tak.
-Oh, fancy that.
-So, what brings you down here?
Uh… me?
Well, I mean, I come here all the time.
-I see.
-So, what about you?
Uh… we were… uh… exercising.
-Just a late-night workout.
-Right.
Why on earth would you exercise here?
-[laughs]
-Do it somewhere with more room.
-Right.
-Okay.
[both laugh]
Question, isn't that one
of those metal detectors
-they use at the airport?
-Ah, this old thing here…
-This is just a massager.
-[Mr. Lee] That's weird.
It doesn't look like one.
This is an advanced model. AI integration.
It emits anions, works as an antioxidant.
-What the hell?
-[all gasp]
Toto?
-Oh, boy.
-What are you doing?
Uh, you see, the building is really dirty.
This is a very special type of vacuum.
That's a vacuum?
Isn't that a metal detector?
No, it isn't.
It just specializes in metal messes.
Magnets here and here
attract metal debris.
Toto, do tell.
Didn't you serve in a platoon?
Sweep for landmines, too?
Not at all.
You see, I just play a lot of Minesweeper.
-Oh.
-[laughs]
-Sweetheart.
-Hmm?
Should we go home now that
we've done all of our exercising?
-Yeah, yeah. Uh, well…
-[Yeon-jin] Off we go.
-Good night.
We're heading up the stairs.
I think I'm done with my massage.
I feel really relaxed.
Good night.
-[Mr. Lee] Get home safe!
-I hope you sleep well.
I guess I'm done vacuuming for the night.
[Mr. Tak] Okay.
MUMU LAND
[Min-seong] Hi, there.
[chuckles]
Oh.
I haven't been this happy in a long time.
It's a beautiful day, the sun is out,
and you're here.
[both laugh]
I can't remember the last time
I had one of these days.
-Oh.
-[chuckles]
-Tae Ho?
-Uh, yeah?
Let's be kids for the day
and just go nuts.
Okay.
[Vincenzo and Min-seong laughing]
Who called it?
I totally knew he'd fall for him.
But, don't you think that
Vincenzo's a little bit…
out of his league?
Oh, cute.
-Tae ho?
-Mm-hm?
Let's run!
[laughs]
[Vincenzo and Min-seong laughing]
-Spaceship Victory! Let's go!
-[Vincenzo laughing]
-What?
-[giggling]
[laughs]
[groans]
Hey, guys!
Hi!
[giggles]
[mouthing]
[attendant] Thank you.
-Hello.
Don't you guys look cute.
Just a couple of little love birds.
-[attendant laughs]
-Oh, stop!
Yeah, go on.
[chuckles]
-Hello.
-Go ahead.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
I am having so much fun.
-The same.
-Oh.
[uplifting music]
[groans softly]
-[grunts]
-[Min-seong] Don't fall.
It's okay. I got you.
I've got you.
[sighs]
[Min-seong] This is nice.
[giggles]
-Wow.
-[Cha-young chuckles]
-This is fun.
-[Min-seong] Isn't it?
[Vincenzo] Yeah.
[laughing]
[people screaming]
[snarling]
[quivers]
What's wrong?
Tae Ho,
this is my absolute worst nightmare.
Zombies.
[people screaming]
[Min-seong] When I was in seventh grade
I saw a zombie movie for the first time.
I was so petrified,
I had to go to therapy for it.
-[zombie snarls]
-[whimpers]
Go… go away!
I'm so sorry. Sorry.
HAUNTED HOUSE
[people screaming]
-Let's go somewhere else.
-[Min-seong] Is she gone?
She's gone. Let's go.
[breathing heavily]
You're safe.
[grunts]
You can let go now.
I haven't had this much fun in years.
[giggling]
What's wrong, Tae Ho?
You look upset. Did I do anything wrong?
No. How about I drive us home?
I'd like to know what happened.
[deep inhale]
It's nothing. Keys, please.
We're not going anywhere.
Not until you tell me.
[quirky music]
[breathes heavily]
Just say it.
I was watching the news.
Apparently, your bank's investing
in the Babel Group.
Oh, that's right. So what?
Babel is a despicable company.
I just don't understand.
You could get hurt
if you get involved with them.
[sighs]
Sorry. I crossed the line.
You don't have to apologize.
Tae Ho, I just didn't have a choice.
I couldn't live with myself
if you got hurt.
[Vincenzo sighs]
That means the world to me.
Thank you so much.
[inhales]
I can't do this anymore.
I said that I wouldn't talk about work.
So I must go.
[whimpers]
Don't leave.
[groans]
[door opens]
[grunts]
Tae Ho!
I understand. You were just worried.
I can't. I have my principles.
Let go of me.
And don't visit my law firm!
-Tae Ho!
-Don't follow me!
Don't follow me.
[sighs]
Cha-young…
[grunts]
Tae Ho.
[rain pouring]
[lively music]
LAW FIRM ONLY YOU
ATTORNEY, TAE HO
OBNOXIOUS
I NEED YOU BACK IN MY LIFE, TAE HO
[phone buzzing]
INCOMING CALL
OBNOXIOUS
[dramatic music]
IT'S RAINING BECAUSE OF YOU
MY HEART HAS FROZEN STILL
TAE HO, PLEASE THAW MY HEART
Please, can we talk, Tae Ho?
[exhales sharply]
Not a good look for Shinkwang, you know.
[Min-seong] I'm not here as a president.
I'm here as a friend.
I've decided…
Give me your business advice.
I wanna hear it.
I wanna know what you think.
Your opinion is important to me.
You… you just get me.
Tae Ho, what do I do
about the signing ceremony?
I want to be better.
I wanna know what you think.
[sucks teeth]
Min-seong.
-Hmm?
-Location is important.
What about having it somewhere grand?
Like at the opera house.
[sighs]
[Min-seong grunts]
Tae Ho.
How do you always come up
with the most amazing ideas?
[chuckles]
Min-seong.
That's not my only idea.
Listen.
[Joon-woo humming]
[humming continues]
[clears throat]
Don't screw this up today.
[Joon-woo]
You're not just signing a piece of paper.
You're putting my stamp on the world,
so try to be charming.
-Got that?
-Yes, sir.
[deep inhale]
Right.
I heard you fired three of my directors.
You didn't ask me.
Well, uh…
Uh…
I was mad, you… you know.
They were incompetent, sir.
[ominous music]
Good for you. I was planning
on getting rid of them anyway.
[relieved sigh]
Oh, but…
you make sure
you ask my permission next time.
I'm starting to think,
you've got a brain of your own.
No, sir. Impossible.
I never have my own thoughts.
I… I just must have gotten emotional
or something.
Sure.
Do not disappoint me.
Of course not, sir.
INVESTMENT AGREEMENT
SIGNING CEREMONY
[suspenseful music]
[grunts]
Love it.
Here.
Oh, hi, boss.
[chuckles]
Oh, hi.
[Joon-woo whooping]
Hi. Did you get a haircut?
[chuckles]
Yeah.
-Let's go.
-Right. Um, sure.
SHINKWANG BANK, BABEL
[clears throat]
-After you.
-[whistles]
-Oh, boy.
-[Mr. Han] Yeah, wow.
This is a pretty nice place.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
Hey, isn't that Cha-young?
[Mr. Han] Huh?
Hello.
[Mr. Han] What is she doing here?
[Mr. Han] Hey! Cha-young!
What are you doing?
[Joon-woo] Cha-young, why are you here?
[Ms. Choi] We have to keep an eye on her.
[Mr. Han] She looks suspicious.
I'm here to witness the power of love.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
[phone buzzes]
[Cha-young]
I'm here to witness the power of love.
[scoffs]
Love what? I don't get it.
I've got a bad feeling here.
[sighs]
What are we gonna do now, sir?
[grand music plays]
[applause]
[laughs]
[scoffs]
[applause continues]
[laughs]
He was looking the wrong way.
[chuckles]
You are so going down.
[clears throat]
[announcer] We will now begin
the signing ceremony to mark
the start of a relationship between
Shinkwang Bank and the Babel Group.
Chairman Jang Han-seo of the Babel Group
and President Hwang Min-seong
of Shinkwang Bank
will be signatories to the agreement.
BABEL GROUP
CHAIRMAN JANG HAN-SEO
[suspenseful music]
[exhales sharply]
SHINKWANG BANK
PRESIDENT HWANG MIN-SEONG
[sighs]
Show me you care for me.
Actions speak louder than words.
Tae Ho.
[dramatic music]
[Min-seong] Tae Ho.
[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
I LOVE YOU
TAE HO BELIEVES IN YOU
[dramatic music continues]
[shutters clicking]
[sighs]
INVESTMENT AGREEMENT
I'm not going to sign this.
Huh?
[upbeat music]
[Min-seong] My reason is simple.
Babel Group is a despicable company.
Putrid, corrupt, and evil.
Wait, what are you saying?
Bravo!
[clapping]
The power of love.
[grunts]
[clears throat]
That's it for me. Goodbye.
Thank you so much.
-Mr. President--
-[Ms. Seo] Wait!
-And cue.
-Who the fuck is that?
[suspenseful music]
-Mother.
-[Ms. Seo] What are you doing?
You idiot! Go away!
How dare you ruin this for me.
Did you know about this?
[laughs]
As chair of Shinkwang,
I would be absolutely thrilled
to sign this agreement myself.
[Mr. Han] Surprise!
[laughs]
Mother, I can handle this.
Shut up!
You are a disgrace to me. Get out!
Now! Go!
[chuckles]
[mouthing]
Tae Ho.
Shit.
[Ms. Choi] Your son has many weaknesses.
[Mr. Han clapping]
It would be easy for him
to be taken advantage of.
To be on the safe side,
I'd like you to lead the ceremony.
Why would I do that?
Do it for your son. After what he's done,
he'll need protection.
I have so many stories
I could tell about him.
It's funny to see someone so inferior
trying to threaten me in my own house.
I wonder…
since you think I'm so inferior,
just how funny it would be
if I started talking.
[tea pouring]
[clapping]
Devil spirit.
[grunts, chuckles]
[snarls]
[laughs]
Well…
[Ms. Seo] What are you still doing here?
[chuckling]
[crowd applauds]
[barks]
[suspenseful music]
NOT BAD
[Mr. Han] "Not bad"? What a little jerk.
-What? Who are you, guys?
-[shushes]
Wait. Wait. What are you doing?
-Let go.
-Stop fighting.
-[muffled grunts]
-We're almost there.
Is he…
-Tae Ho!
-Stop. Stop it. Stop.
Stop. Come on. Hurry up.
No!
[muffled screams]
[Min-seong] Let go of me!
I'm gonna kill you all!
[Toto] Almost there.
-Oh, shut up. Open it. Quick. Go.
-[Mr. Lee] Let's go. Let's go.
[in muffled voice]
What is this?
One, two, three.
[Mr. Lee grunting]
[groans]
Wait!
-[door closes]
-[Min-seong gasps]
Act natural.
-Oh, yeah.
-[all cheering]
DRESSING ROOM
[cheering continues]
[whooping]
[rattling]
[muffled cheers]
[Min-seong] Hello?
I'm so scared.
Hello?
[water running]
[eerie music]
[woman humming]
[Cha-young] If you really wanted to get
revenge on someone, what would you do?
Find out their biggest fear,
and use it against them.
Scare them.
For some people,
it's, uh, fate worse than death.
[groaning, snarling]
-Hey, hang on.
-This is hard.
Tomorrow is the shoot.
If you don't want to be fired,
you give it a little soul.
Yeah, but zombies don't have souls,
do they?
We're not even getting paid
that much for this.
What do you want from us?
You know, I think I understand
what acting really is.
I feel power. Yup. Mm-hm. Right in here.
-Really?
-[Yeon-jin] I do.
[groans]
Clearly, we better practice some more.
Okay, five, six.
[claps]
-Give me more.
-[all growling]
[snarling]
Like this.
I've got another gig for you
if you're interested in that.
-Hello?
-[woman humming]
Excuse me, ma'am?
[eerie music]
[humming continues]
[Min-seong] Can you hear me, ma'am?
Hello?
[snarling]
[growling]
[gasps]
-[yelps]
-You look like you've seen a ghost.
-[whimpering]
-[growling]
-[snarls]
-[whimpers]
[screaming]
[growling]
Tteokbokki.
Everyone, come and eat.
[whimpering]
No.
[Min-seong screams]
[muffled screaming]
[screaming continues]
REHEARSING
DO NOT ENTER OR KNOCK! SILENCE!
-[reporter] Here they come.
-[cameras clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
[man] They're Welsh corgis.
Alkong and Dalkong.
Hi, guys. Hi. Bye.
-[Mr. Jang] Thank you, ma'am.
-[Ms. Seo] Of course.
[Mr. Jang] I hope this friendship
will continue its course.
[Ms. Seo] As do I. We should sit down
together soon, have tea.
[Mr. Jang] I'll have my people
arrange a date.
You look positively radiant today.
As soon as you came on stage, I couldn't
take my eyes off you or your dogs.
[Ms. Seo] Oh, thank you.
I look forward to our collaboration.
[Mr. Jang]
We'll set a date for that, ma'am.
[screaming]
[both yelp]
What the… What the hell?
-[Mr. Jang] What's wrong with him?
-[quivering]
[Ms. Seo] Brat! What are you doing?
I'll kill you!
[Mr. Han] What happened to your son?
Oh, my… Are you okay?
[whimpers]
[man 1] Is he really hurt?
-[man 2] What happened to you?
-[whimpering]
Tae Ho?
Tae Ho…
[Min-seong mumbling]
Tae Ho.
[man 3] Excuse me.
[panting]
[Min-seong sobbing]
Tae Ho.
I'm so scared.
-[detective] Move aside!
-[Min-seong] I'm so scared.
I, I said, move aside. Move.
Hwang Min-seong…
We're placing you under arrest
for assault and blackmail. Hmm?
Move! Under arrest on what grounds?
[detective] We received a tip
from a caller, Vincenzo Cassano.
[Ms. Seo] "Vincenzo Casanova"?
What kind of name is that?
-[detective] All right, let's go.
-But…
[grunting]
-Ma'am.
-No!
-[detective 1] Come on. Ma'am!
-[Ms. Seo] No!
-[detective 2] That's enough, ma'am.
-[detective 3] Ma'am, please calm down.
[Ms. Seo] You can't arrest him.
He's innocent.
Do you know who I am?
Vincenzo Cassano.
[Ms. Seo grunting]
[whispers]
Remember my name.
[Ms. Seo] Get off me!
[detective 1] Ma'am, I will charge you
with obstruction of justice. Step aside.
So nice to see you. How's your head, huh?
[Ms. Seo] Let go of me!
How dare you accuse my son like this?
[detective 2] Ma'am, please.
Tae Ho! Don't let them take me.
-Please.
-[Ms. Seo] He's not a criminal.
[detective 2] Let's get him out of here.
-[Ms. Seo] No!
-Move!
-[man] Over here!
-[people clamoring]
-[Ms. Choi] It's okay.
-Ms. Choi.
I'll deal with all this right away.
I better leave first.
Handle everything and bring my son home!
[Min-seong] Tae Ho! Tae Ho!
Tae Ho!
-[Mr. Han] I'm sure your son will be fine.
-[Ms. Choi] Goodbye, ma'am.
[reporter] Officer!
-Officer, will he be released on bail?
-[Mr. Jang] What happened?
There weren't enough reporters,
so I called some more.
Listen, buddy…
You think you can mess with us, huh?
Sir, relax. Okay?
Hello, sir.
You look way better in gym clothes
than a suit.
You little…
[chuckles]
Sir, calm down, hmm?
[Ms. Choi] I should've known.
[sighs]
Of course, you had another plan.
I guess losing taught you something.
[Mr. Han laughs]
We were going easy on you
so we wouldn't ruin your career.
-You should be thanking us.
-[laughs]
-Aren't you being a little arrogant
after only one win?
You should be careful
with future business deals,
because this is just the beginning.
Don't hold back. Because I won't
when I rip you to shreds.
[Ms. Choi] Watch yourselves.
I've sharpened my blade just for you.
Oh, that old thing? Don't bother.
Go play the violin on the Titanic.
Too bad for you, we've already
escaped in a lifeboat. So there.
Whoa! Because rich people escape first.
It may be dangerous.
The sharks could get your lifeboat.
But that's Jaws and not Titanic.
You lose.
Okay.
[both humming Jaws theme song]
-[Mr. Jang] What are you doing?
-[Mr. Han] You're ridiculous.
[sighs]
Your father…
[foreboding music]
I would hate to see you end up like him.
So stay out of our way.
Ms. Hong.
[tense music]
Hey, listen up! Start rolling now!
[footsteps approaching]
I am…
Hong Yu-chan's daughter.
He was a lawyer
who died fighting the Babel Group.
My name is Hong Cha-young.
-[people gasp]
-[reporter] She's his daughter.
Jipuragi Law Firm will expose every single
ounce of corruption that they,
as a company, committed.
Including Babel's connection
with the prosecution.
[Mr. Han laughs]
[Mr. Han] Everyone,
this law firm is spreading false rumors
in an attempt to keep themselves relevant.
-I--
-Excuse me. Kim Seong-il from CBN.
Could you please elaborate on
what you mean by corruption within Babel?
[reporter 1]
Are you referring to illegal activity?
[reporter 2] Are you saying
the Babel Group and the prosecution
have colluded?
[reporters clamoring]
Write to us if you have any questions.
Neither Ms. Hong nor Jipuragi
will be commenting further at this time.
Now, excuse us.
[whispers]
Come on. Let's go.
Step aside.
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
SPECIAL THANKS TO KIM SUNG-CHEOL
AND LIM CHAE-MOO
[Cha-young]
Director Gil knows who it is.
[Vincenzo]
There's always a trail to follow.
That's our chance.
I can take care of myself.
[screams]
[Cha-young]
Who do you think gave the order?
[clicks]
[Vincenzo]
Someone who is working alone.
I just have to promise
not to kill you, right?
[Joon-woo]
I'm not playing around anymore.
I'm gonna show them
who they're really dealing with.
Surprise!
[Vincenzo]
I'm not going to make him pay.
When I find him, I'm going to kill him.